docs: show CLI cmd-specific opts before general opts (#13917)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/operator/area.mdx

The return code will indicate success or failure.

#### Command Options

- `-id=<value>` - Looks up the area to operate on by its ID. This can be given
  instead of a peer datacenter.

> - `-peer-datacenter=<value>` - Looks up the area to operate on by its peer
>   datacenter. This can be given instead of an ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-peer-datacenter=<value>` - Specifies the peer datacenter of a network area to operate on. Use this option as an alternative to `-id`.
```

Author: Thanks for this comment, I just realized that the term "peer datacenter" here needs to be disambiguated from "peer datacenter" in the context of cluster peering (which is related, but not the same / incompatible with network areas). I'll see that we address that in a subsequent PR.

The return code will indicate success or failure.

#### Command Options

> - `-id=<value>` - Looks up the area to operate on by its ID. This can be given
>   instead of a peer datacenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-id=<value>` - Specifies the ID of a network area to operate on. Use this option as an alternative to `-peer-datacenter`.
```

> - `-peer-datacenter=<value>` - Looks up the area to operate on by its peer
>   datacenter. This can be given instead of an ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-peer-datacenter=<value>` - Specifies the peer datacenter of a network area to operate on. Use this option as an alternative to `-id`.
```

Usage: `consul operator area update [options]`

The output looks like this:

```text
Updated area "d2872ec5-68ea-b862-b75d-0bee99aca100"
```

> The return code will indicate success or failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return code indicates success or failure.
```
